>> Brian Holt: How can we make
this even faster and even better?
Well, so when I load this page,
let's go back to the Adopt Me page.
>> Brian Holt: So when I click on Details,
I do want this to be as fast as possible,
right?
So whenever I click on this now,
I make the user wait for
more JavaScript to be downloaded,
and that's 745 kilobytes.
That's a lot.
That's a long time for someone on like 3G
or 2G to wait for a page to be downloaded.
So how can I speed that up?
Well, there's a feature called
Service Workers which are amazing.
Front end masters has great PWA content,
so
that's definitely something to check or
just search for progressive web apps.
So Service Workers are these features that
you can install on your application which
I'm not gonna show you how to do today.
But what you could do is you could use
a Service Worker in the background,
that after you make that
initial page load to go out and
do a secondary fetch to fetch
all the rest of the bundles.
And the way you do that is you can
have Parcel generate a JSON of all
the various bundles that are created,
right?
Have your Service Worker load that
particular JSON object and go out and
make all the additional requests so
that it can already cache those
things after the initial page load.
Cuz what you care about is you want
the first page load to be super fast, and
then in the background you can hurry and
load everything else in the background.
So rather than making the user wait for
this one to,
I mean look how long it's taking.
This is the local host, right?
That's a little crazy.
>> Brian Holt: You can have your Service
Worker go in and load all that stuff in
the background so when you call
that import promise, it's instant.
So that's a really cool
feature of Service Workers.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, one last thing.
I wanna show you that you can split
on other places besides routes.
Routes are a good place to do it.
That makes sense but there are other
places you can do it as well.
Like if I'm on this page what
other code could I split out here?
I mean I guess I can split
out the carousel, but
that would be really weird because we'd
load the first part of the page and
then this part would still be loading.
And it wouldn't make a lot of
difference or sense to do that.
But we have this modal, right?
That doesn't get shown right up front,
we could split that out.
So how would you do that?
What we wanna do is we wanna load this
modal content into synchronicity right
here, right?
So we wanna make a new file and call it,
>> Brian Holt: What did I call it here?
Adopt modal content.
AdoptModalContent.js.
This is gonna be inside of
your source directory, and
it's gonna be pretty simple.
So it's gonna import React from react,
and const Adopt ModalContent = props,
>> Brian Holt: And
it's going to return something
here in this function body.
We'll do that in a second, and
we'll export default AdoptModalContent.
>> Brian Holt: So now I wanna pull
everything out of this modal in here and
I wanna put it into here.
So for now, I'm just gonna copy this and
I'm gonna put this here.
>> Brian Holt: We have
a problem with this, though.
If you remember from our React course,
you can only have one top level element,
>> Brian Holt: Right?
So this doesn't actually work yet,
because I have the H1 and
a div that are top level.
Now, in previous versions of React, what I
would have done is just wrapped everything
in a div, and I would have been fine.
>> Brian Holt: But this is how you end
up with, quote unquote, div soup, right?
You end up with having just
10,000 unnecessary divs.
It's not necessarily that
really bad of a thing but
React 16 introduced us the ability
to do this thing called fragments.
So we can say react.fragment and
now this works.
So this does not actually
render anything on top level,
it just renders this fragment together.
>> Brian Holt: When they have the new
version of JSX you will be able to just
do this.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's what a fragment will look like.
But if I save this right
now Parcel would blow up,
cuz Parcel doesn't know
what to do with that.
>> Brian Holt: And so let's
stick with that,
>> Brian Holt: And
here we're gonna have to
change this to props as well.
>> Brian Holt: Going back into details, so
instead of having this stuff right here,
I'm gonna have this be,
>> Brian Holt: LoadableContent or
something like that.
So, yeah, that's what I called it,
LoadableContent, like that.
>> Brian Holt: But this still has
to receive the toggleModal so
we'll keep that as well, this.toggleModal.
>> Brian Holt: And name=name cuz those
are being passed into Props up here.
Did I get that?
Yeah, here I have to say, sorry,
props.name as well,
>> Brian Holt: Right
there on line 5 of AdoptModalContent.
>> Brian Holt: And then I'm gonna
go back to the Details page.
Now we have this little content so
we have to go make that above here, so
we're gonna go and do that,
>> Brian Holt: Then when
I say const LoadableContent =
Loadable,
>> Brian Holt: loader,
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna say
import./AdoptModalContent.
And loading is gonna be some function that
returns loading content or
something like that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
it's gonna be upset by that.
Fine, whatever.
>> Brian Holt: Still upset about that?
No, that's fine.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
you have to load that.
>> Brian Holt: Import,
Loadable from ./Loadable,
not dot slash, react-loadable.
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
Okay, so now,
if I'm gonna click Adopt, and
you're gonna see down at the bottom it's
gonna load adoptable content right here.
And you'll see a little bit
delay between when I load it and
the content actually shows up.
Very, quite quick.
But let's see,
we could probably get this with 3G,
so if I loaded this page now on 3G,
this is what it's gonna look like.
This is gonna load the first bundle, which
is gonna take a while cuz none of this
is G zipped, none of this is mini-fied or
anything like that.
>> Brian Holt: Now you might be thinking,
that was pretty slow, and
we had to wait quite a bit of time for
that loading content.
But think if we had been loading
everything else as well.
We would have waited a lot longer.
And so if I click here, Adopt Theo,
still pretty quick, but
that's because this is a tiny bundle,
8.39 kilobites un-G zipped, unmini-fied.